Why when someone cheats on their spouse/lover, they use the excuse ".....it just happened...."?
what causes swelling lymph nodes and what can one do to get rid of them?
Why do ppl criticize other's questions?
How do utilitarianism approach Gos and their rising role in governance,international politics,and development?
How is the bore size of a shotgun determined such as 12 bore?
How good are the Motorola PEBL mobiles?
If you file for bankruptcy, how does that affect your tax return when you file in the following April?
why do rats not have gall bladdes?
Why Some Men Turn to BI-Sexual or Gay?
How do I delete network connection & start up password popup?
how do you cross check a vin # with the owner if you have only the vin?
Muslims: what sea foods do you consider halal and  why?
What is beauty?
how do I disable aim messenger,that my daughter downloaded?
how can i use more than one messenger for chatting?thanks?
What's the difference between a robber and a burglar?
where can i find some examples of sentence expressions and sentence parallelism?
Why are coves sandy and points rocky?
why is my internet connection slow even my internet speed is more than 450kbps?
how do you get to heaven?
What is the cheapest touristic destination in Europe?
what is the origin of the word "seminar"?
what is the difference between MISS WORLD and MISS UNIVERSE titles?
what is the structure of [Pt(Br2)(NO2)(NH3)]-?
How do you deal with death of a spouse?
What is the proper way to dispose of tarot cards?
what is the main reason that water supplies are chlorinated?
how do i get rid of dieseling?
Why is the USA pagent girls so fat?
i  have  a  2002  chevrolet  trail  blazer  could  somebody  tell  me  what  the  sqeaking    sound  is?
Why do women sunbathe topless..?
what is veal sweet bread?
how can I gain weight?
What's the difference between Newton Theory and Einstein Theory?
what are the physics behind why the 1st hill on the rollar coaster is always the biggest?
how can I prevent my home phone number from appearing on the internet white pages?
Why do muslims get angry when I say Jesus Akbar?
how did they created the dos system in the first place?
hOW INSTALL    a  vEHICLE RENEWEL   sTICKER?
How to address a sitting US President and how address a retired one?
How do I find concentration using equilibrium?
How can i find a pen pal in Ireland?
what is the origin and meaning of the name Omar?
what is the word origin of spaghetti?
How is milk made lactose-free?
why women r from venus and men from mars?
How's your vagina?
what do the signs on lorries intended for the police and firebrigade mean?
How is it that sometimes, when I look in mirrors, my eyes change colors?
how do you delete terms that have been searched?
What does blackberry & Bluetooth mean?
How do you kill a zombie?
what is the meaning of upper case character?
what is PIO?
how can i delete a search histrory from the google drop down window, which retains my search history in order?
how do i get rid of getting those obnoxious pop up ads on Yahoo mail?
How does a girl like to be deflored(dezvirginated)?
how can i improve the reception for my wi-fi connection?
what is the difference between an atheist and an agnostic?
What are the negative effects of low income housing on a downtown business district?
what is the length of our nerve in our brain, how can i become rich, how can i save myself and my family from?
How can the Religions be seperated from Indian Politics to save the nation?
how is a flower affected by food coloring?
Why does my cat sit on me when I am busy working on my computer?
What is the origin of the phrase "Have a blessed day"?
What does proxy mean?
Why did the Democrats make Pelosi speaker?
How do I change a law?
I have a really bad eating disorder what do i do?
How do I add a person to the title on my house in St. Louis, MO?
Why do insects like ants die when you put soapy water on them?
How can I edit videos/movie clips on my computer?
Why is there contradictions in the Bible?
how can i get red of secret habit?
Describe what Windows does when you right-click and drag a file to a folder on another disk?
why is gold the backbone of currency?
what is gsm?
what is CSS?
How do I get my life out of "stall"?
What does 666 mean in simple terms?
how is ms math so smart?
how to know that somebody is running in invisble mode on yahoo messenger?
Why does my browser say it detects that I have signed off when I haven't?
How does a hold up alarm/silent alarm in a shop work?
what is the meaning of life?
Why is my computer so slow?
How do I join a church?
What is the difference between HTML and CSS?
How do you meet a girl?
How do i keep calm at a job interview?
why is barbie doll so popular?
What the heck is 42?
why does condensation occur on a glass of ice water?
how do i get a tourist visa for australlia?
why do i like the smell of pee?
what is the real distinction of heaven and mandate from heaven?
What's the difference between VISA and Master Card?
How did I get booted while playing blackjack?
How do you greet?
How can I redirect my yahoo emails to another email address?
How can you formualte 20 questons to know how to guess any physical object?
Why is the location for a business so important?
what is project?
Why is spelling and grammar so atrocious on yahoo answers?
Why would someone consider Romeo and Juliet a timeless classic?
How can I build a boat out of only cardboard and tape?
what is the law on verbal threat?
Someone knows how can i find an organic supermarket in CT?
if heat rises, why is hell supposed to be hot and not heaven?
how do u know when a solid and a liquid forma solution?
how do i relieve an infected toe?
how do i file for unemployment in Michigan?
is black tea affect the teeth?
What Do I Do?
what is the meaning of exchange student?
why is macguyver727 stalking me?
Why Should I go visit the U.S.A.?
what is the epidermis?
How do I recognize termites?
What is the purpose of a Humvee vehicle outside of the military?
how can I be an apple certified technician?
what is the worst gift u've gotten?
How can I be more passionate, energetic, motivated and excited about life?
what is a Hemangioma?
what is the meaning of your shadow?
How can I prevent people from copying and saving my pictures on ebay?
how does someone become a coroners assistant ?
why is undressed(shaved) chicken known as dressed chicken?
What are the benefits of eating duck liver?
How do you get a foul dog odor out of a house?
I just watched southpark, why did the jews kill jesus?
Tell me how I can network 2 PCs about 7 metres apart?
why phone number when paying cash?
why does my voice sound so doppy for and how can i stop it please help?
What will remove a motor oil stain on my car's trunk  mat?
how do iget to make new friends?
how do i get rid of zits?
how can i get leads on selling pianos?
how do you store baby spinach?
I cannot send mail from outlook express via yahoo (error 553)?
Why is Earth's interior is way hotter than its surface if it is farther from the Sun?
Why is fire hot?
What is a whitter?
What is the Difference Between Mind and Matter?
what does "fitrat" mean?
why aliphatics are also known as parafins?
how to combat strechmarks?
what are some do's and dont's while undergoing radiation?
How do you get an arm pit to stop sweating?
what is NERB?
What is shota?
how can i connect more then 4 hard disc to my computer?
Why do companies prefer high bottom lines to employee satisfaction?
neighbour hit my car, what do I do?
why do we have to eat 3 times a day?
what to do when someone owes me money put won't pay?
What does the term ´bump´ mean in a reply at a news forum?
how do i check someones background?
Why is the universe expanding?
How do get Yahoo to add a FRAUD report button to there email service?
why are religious people the easiest to offend?
What is the greenhouse effect?
how to clean the dvd drive from dust build up?
Why are snow crabs called snow crab?
how to concentrate on study?
Why take the bible so literaly?
How to send tex messages to a Cellphone to poland from my e-mail?
How can I have cool / new sites information by email regularly?
what is the theory of femenisem?
How do you simplify ratios?
how do i reaplace my gas tank on a 1988 pontiac grand prix?
What are the major differences between XP media center, and XP pro?
Why don't people know how to write?
Why are people only worried about supporting one side of the political field?
im 28,how do i start living?
what is the reciprocal of 24/16?
how do u find the surface area of a cube?
what are strawberries useful for and why?
How do I sell my geeting cards thru the interent?
how can i become famous one day?
why is soil called a natural resource?
How do you react towards frighteningly honest questions?
What is the difference bewtween women and magnets?
how to reduce the excess trigleserides present in the body?
How to be heard and seen anywhere in the world using the computer and internet?
why can't i get rid of this tune in my head?
how could i make my friend to quit smoking?
what is the difference between a physical and a logical label on a floppy diskette?
What is the name of the sound import cars make when shifting gears?
What is the origin of the word caucasion and why is it used to describe white people?
How do you clean your dogs ears?
why dont u shave dog mange for?
I have Ad-Aware SE personal, What do i get rid of once its done?
what is a skin boil and how do you treat it?
what are the yahoo points for Q&A for?
How do you put music on myspace?
What does being a Phi Beta Kappa member mean to one?
How do I give my dog a bath that wont make him smell like a wet dog?
How you use the Prt Scrn button, to get only the window that is active at the moment?
why are indian gurls so stuck up , there kinda stuck up when black guys try to hola at them Y?